OpenShift Origin - jenkins-cloud-plugin
=============

OpenShift Jenkins Cloud Plugin provides custom integration between a [Jenkins CI
server](http://jenkins-ci.org) and the OpenShift build and deploy services.

Contributing
----------------------

Visit the [OpenShift Origin Open Source
page](https://openshift.redhat.com/community/open-source) for more
information on the community process and how you can get involved.


Copyright
----------------------

OpenShift Origin, except where otherwise noted, is released under the
[Apache License 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).
See the LICENSE file located in each component directory.


Export Control
----------------------

This software distribution includes cryptographic software that is
subject to the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (the “*EAR*”) and
other U.S. and foreign laws and may not be exported, re-exported or
transferred (a) to any country listed in Country Group E:1 in Supplement
No. 1 to part 740 of the EAR (currently, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan,
and Syria); (b) to any prohibited destination or to any end user who has
been prohibited from participating in U.S. export transactions by any
federal agency of the U.S. government; or (c) for use in connection with
the design, development or production of nuclear, chemical or biological
weapons, or rocket systems, space launch vehicles, or sounding rockets,
or unmanned air vehicle systems. You may not download this software or
technical information if you are located in one of these countries or
otherwise subject to these restrictions. You may not provide this
software or technical information to individuals or entities located in
one of these countries or otherwise subject to these restrictions. You
are also responsible for compliance with foreign law requirements
applicable to the import, export and use of this software and technical
information.
